Welcome to MicahSoft Word! This is a solo project I made to help me understand the c programming language.
More information can be found in the readme file, in this document I will write about this program's functionality.

All of your files created by this program will be located in the folder called "mscache".
This folder will regenerate should it be deleted.
You can only interact with files inside of the mscache folder.

Compared to the original MicahSoft Word, in this version, when you create files the program will check if the
file name is taken and ask you if you want to rename them. The program will also ask if you want to try again
if it could not find the file you were looking for.

Deleting and copying files now happen in the file writting screen instead of the title screen.
The program will evaluate the contents of the file you are working on to determine if it should be opened in
write mode or append mode.
Unlike the original MicahSoft Word, this program will read the file for you as you write and in read mode.

In write mode you will have commands to modify your writing, these commands start with a slash "/" symbol
and the command name should be written by itself on an empty line.

"/clear" will completely clear all content in the file, a confirmation message will give you one last chance
to reconsider.
"/replace" will ask for the line number, represented by the blue index numbers, of the line you want to replace.
It will then ask for the new sentence.
"/undo" will remove the last line of the file, the undo command will not work on replaced lines and should only
be used to remove lines.
"/shift" will place an empty line anywhere in your file, it will ask for the line number. You can use "/replace"
to modify the newly created space. Lines after the newly placed line will shift downwards by one place.
"/quit" will exit the writing menu.
"/remove" works like the opposite of shift, it will remove a specified line and shift the lines after it upwards.

This information page was writen in MicahSoft Word.
